The Fantastic Plastic Machine – The Guy
Published on June 08, 2007.
While I was waiting for the plane to board in the Oakland airport a few days ago, I was messing around with my Macbook.
I tried getting an internet connection, but the stupid airport (the actual airport I was in, not the wireless card on my Macbook) wanted me to pay for it.
Oh, they let me check out the Oakland Airport website , though.
But that’s not interesting.
Anyway, I opened iTunes and started listening to a podcast I had saved.
Some business podcast that had a guy talking about Google.
He was supposed to have an insider’s scoop, but what he gave was a super high-level description of things that I already pretty much understood before.
Then I noticed that there was something in the “shared music” section.
I guess the airport still allowed me to get on some kind of local area network.
So I was listening to this dude’s shared music (something like, Hernando Fernandez or something, I forgot his name).
A lot of it was R&B or random electronica.
One of the artists that caught my ear was named The Fantastic Plastic Machine .
I listened to a few songs before I had to start boarding.
I wrote down the name of the artist for future reference though.
Funny: apparently FPM is a Japanese j-pop-ish artist.
So when I listen to music blindly, I choose J-Pop.
It’s a bit different, though.
Some now defunct company published some FPM stuff a while back.
I wonder if it’d be legit to download some of the music?
Otherwise I’d have to buy some out of print CDs or import… Anyway, I thought it was pretty neat to be able to discover a new artist through the kindness of a random Oakland Airport guy. Thanks!